Product Requirements Document (PRD):
Vinci Automation (overall)
1. Vision & Core Philosophy
 The Goal: Build an all in one platform and datahub for Vinci teaching operations which covers the end to end process from new class scheduled to completed lessons.
 Core Principles:  Feature Specific Pages: Each page serves a specific purpose for operations to make
layout as simple as possible.  Login Validation: Only logins using vinci email will be validated as "admin" status where
they can see every page, other than that they should have no access.
2. User Journey: First Login & Familiarization
 Context: Jay wants to familiarize himself with the Vinci Automation system.  The Journey: 1. Jay first logs in using Vinci AI email for validation purposes. 2. When the page loads, the first thing he sees is the calendar of scheduled lessons with a
chatbot interface to the right, and a navigation bar on the left. 3. Data input is a separate subsection of the chatbot (a separate button to choose
between chat or input). 4. The chat/data input interface to the right can be reduced by pressing a button so he can
view the main page (schedule, etc) more clearly. 5. He can view other pages (detail will be specified in other PRD's) each serving its own
unique function to avoid overlapping use cases.
3. Core Functional Requirements
3.1 Feature Specific Pages
 Sidebar for Navigation: Clear navigation interface with clear labels for which page does which function and clear indicator on which page the admin is on.
 Chatbot & Data Input: Will be a separate subsection put to the right of the main page and can be reduced so admin can view a larger main page (will be positioned as a "helper").
3.2 Login Validation
 Login Addresses: Only vinci email (.vinciai.academy) may be validated as an admin and all other email addresses will only see "invalid login" page if they try to login.
4. Delivery Boundaries
 Clean & readable page separation with clear functionality and labelling for each page.

 Secure login system to ensure no data leaks of sensitive information.

