Product Requirements Document (PRD):
Vinci Automation (Lesson Calendar)
1. Vision & Core Philosophy
 The Goal: Easy & readable calendar interface which shows all lessons scheduled along with their statuses.
 Core Principles:  Color Coded Statuses: Vibrant & clear colors show the status of each lesson (based on
tutor assignment) for quick status updates for admin.  Clickable Lessons: Admin can click each lesson on the calendar & it will expand and
view specific details for that lesson and some actions (such as assigning tutors manually if needed)
2. User Journey:
 Context: Jay wants to check up on lessons today, this week, and this month.  The Journey: 1. Jay opens up the lesson calendar page and choses "Day" setting and clicks on the
"Today" button. 2. A view with 2 bars (both colored green) with the time & course name for that lesson
appears. 3. Jay clicks on both to check on who's teaching & to view additional data for each lesson.
A slideout page slides out from the right side and all this data is viewed. 4. Jay opens up the weekly view, and a similar interface is seen, only with seven distinct
sections (each representing a day) marked with the day with a line separating each. He does the same checking for lessons. 5. Jay opens up the monthly view, and a similar interface is seen, only with 30/31/28 (depending on month) distinct boxes (each representing a day) marked with the date and each box having the same bars with the course name and time of the lesson.
3. Core Functional Requirements
3.1 Easy Status Checking
 Intuitive Color Coding:  Red: Lessons without a tutor assigned & within a week of the current day.  Yellow: Lessons without a tutor assigned & not within a week of the current day.  Green: Lessons with a tutor assigned.
3.2 Detailed Lesson View

 Clear Data View Fields: The subsection that slides out will have all relevant lesson data easily viewable to admin with the following fields:  School  Date & Time  Assigned tutor (or tutor's)  Number of tutors  Lesson Income (modifiable for adjustments)  Lesson Material Link (modifiable for adjustments)
 Quick Action Buttons: Provides admin with 2 button options, "Send Whatsapp New Lesson Assignment" (will be greyed out for lessons with enough tutors accepted) and "Send Material & Reminder to Chosen Tutors" which acts as a reminder and file sharing method for chosen tutors (will be sent at least once automatically, admin has the choice to do it manually again just in case).
 Read Only for core lesson data: Schedule is mainly for viewing & not for modifying scheduled lesson fields (to avoid accidental changes) & to reduce potential sources of discrepancies from input changes.
4. Delivery Boundaries
 Read only (mostly) calendar interface with multiple duration settings & clickable lessons to view even more specific lesson data.

