Product Requirements Document (PRD):
Vinci Automation (Financials)
1. Vision & Core Philosophy
 The Goal: A hub to represent all financial data (tutor salary & course financials) in an easy to understand format.
 Core Principles:  Distinct Sections for Tutor Salary & Course Financials: Separate page into 2 sections,
each focusing on one aspect to avoid confusion & mixing of data.  Simple Metrics Output: Metrics shown are optimized to show only what is necessary to
reduce unnecessary clutter on the page which may cause inconvenience.  Monthly Update: Metrics shown on page are updated on the 1st of each month (for the
data from the previous month) and previous months data is still stored & viewable, overall view will also be available.
2. User Journey:
 Context: User wants to check this month's tutor salary expenses (to pay tutor salary) & see the course financials (to see which courses are underperforming).
 The Journey: 1. The user opens the financials page and sees the tutors salary section first. 2. Tutor salary section is separated into separate rows separated by a line with the total
salary showing first after the tutor name & contact. 3. Users can scroll down to see all tutor salaries. 4. Under tutor salaries, the user can see the course financials section. For this after the
course name, the first thing shown is the profit margin in % and also HKD (more complete info is provided as well such as total income and expenses).
3. Core Functional Requirements
3.1 Simple, All you Need to Know Information Representation
 Data Presentation: The data shown from left to right will be from most relevant/important to least relevant so if the user doesn't have to do tedious searching.
 Data Rules: Users can only read the data and cannot do any modifications to it to avoid data manipulation or any input errors.
3.2 Complete Data Storage
 Default View: The default data viewed when the user opens the page will be the data from the most recent month.

 Other Views: Users can still view data from previous months (from a dropdown menu) or the overall data from all months up until the most recent one (from a button).
4. Delivery Boundaries
 Read only financial data hub for users to know tutor earnings and also course financials of the most recent month, past months, and overall.

